Grandpa, you must not have an accident.
Rongrong and I are still waiting for you to work for us
Fair enough, father is not dead yet
Don't be boring here
It's okay to use 0 spring water and my homemade detox sheet
It saves lives.
I can save lives.
Just you and me
An ignorant little girl
The old man wants to see what you can do
How dare you speak wildly
Dr. Zhu has already said that grandpa
What else do you want to do to grandpa?
I want to save him.
Dr. Zhou is Jin Zhong
The best doctor besides the moral
He can't help it.
What can you do?
You guys might want to think about it again.
The old man can still protect the general for a few more days now
Don't let you worry
I can save my father if you can save him
The old man recognizes you as his grandfather